please welcome to the stage Gom caban
co-founder and GP at hypergrowth
[Music]
Partners hello thank you usually I would
do run and jump over here but I I broke
I tore my ACL so I'm going to not going
to jump on the stage today so I'm I'm
just going to limp like around like this
uh thank you for coming uh in this early
in London I'm so happy to be here um my
second time I was here last year had a
you know great great event and it it's
looking to be the same today um so today
we're going to talk about how we get
more customers for any of you who are
interested in making more business um
that's what we're going to talk about um
so I'm Gom caban everybody calls me G uh
so feel free to call me G um and we
changed uh a lot of the deck uh over the
weekend Jon wanted us to go from
something more theoretical to something
more practical so we pulled up a lot of
examples from um The Advisory clients
that I have to show you how it's really
done leveraging AI tools um in today's
marketing teams there might be some
holes Point them out we're not afraid um
so yeah I'm the co-founder in JP at
hyper growth Partners uh we are a
collective that does advisory for high
growth uh companies previously I built
the growth teams over at drift segment
and gorgeous and I've advised uh ramp
Reddit and many other companies uh when
I say an advisory Collective uh it means
we are somewhat like a VC fund but we
don't um give out Capital we invest our
time um in exchange for common stock uh
Equity um and we have about 30 senior
leaders around the world um working uh
together
now that that said um today we're going
to talk about a couple of things but
mostly around how do we as marketing
leaders take in uh the AI platforms the
AI tools we have today to be more
efficient and a couple of wins that I've
seen uh in a couple of channels so I'm
going to cover outbound SEO and paid but
first um I want to have a a show of
hands uh today to wake everyone up um
can you all tell me if your company has
reduced headcount uh or decided not to
hire because of or thanks to AI recently
can we have a show of
hands okay so I'd say we have like 10%
of the people okay I ask the same
question one you have now my bet is that
we're going to see at least 30% of the
people or you have a reduced headcount
or less hires and I'm going to show you
why
today okay so if you uh you know think
about it um the real impact is that know
a year or two years ago we were in well
AI is good uh but it's like less quality
than humans uh it's less for less less
cost right less quality for Less cost
and nowadays what I'm going to show you
is we have more more quality better
quality and speed but for Less cost
right so what does it mean well if you
look into the into the cost angle uh
first right typically what you see is
you have um different cost of
Acquisitions per motion right you have
um you know on the far right here you
have like sales Le which we used to you
know which is fairly uh efficient in
terms of closing but has a fairly high
cost right and on the uh left side you
have plg product like growth right which
is fairly cheap which is why when we
were in the economic uh crisis that we
knew postco all the VCS were asking
Founders to do plg because like free
acquisition sure that sounds great right
what they don't see or what they don't
think is that plg generally drives sure
lower CAC but lower contract value
smaller customers all right and so you
have kind of like this um this spectrum
here from at say low contract value low
ACV to high ACV which is correlated with
low CAC to high CAC right and that's a
pretty typical distribution you know
like a a a 10 to
one and with let's say those CS those
acvs you have that typical like
segmentation from micro to like
Enterprise okay um and with those with
that segmentation you have the channels
so on the let's say cheap side low C
side you can have like the SEO and the
virality all the plg playbooks in the
middle you find like the outbound right
and on the far end you can find ABM and
the Partnerships all right but that
that's yesterday the point that
strategy is what we used to do for the
past 10 years right because if you
follow like The Logical conclusion of
the AI shift like what's what's changing
right the fact that we're now capable of
doing faster and better quality example
we can scrape websites we can scrape
random content for extremely cheap and
feed that back into AI prompts for
outbound or for SEO drives an extremely
low CAC on those channels which means
what used to be midmarket channels can
now also be SMB channels because the CAC
is is dropping you can have new
audiences if you look at this
distribution you can now do things like
this right you can start saying hey I'm
going to acquire
startups through outbound I can acquire
min Market through SEO how does that
work well it's easy like midm Market
prospects with um SEO possible because
you have better quality by the diversity
of content you can create extremely high
volume of high quality content and on
the outbound is kind of the same thing
right because you're no longer employing
sdrs which have a high cost you can at
the same quality you can get lower
contract value
customers so that's probably like the
the key learning we're going to like
hover around today is that the C to
channel fit is changing and you got to
adapt to this new reality okay so let's
look at the the first one the first
channel like the biggie uh outbound okay
um if you think back to like 2015 like
what were the best sdrs are doing like I
always learn from humans you know my my
wife is a sales used to be a salesp
person so I learned a lot from her um
well they do information G Gathering and
research um
email content composing and Outreach on
LinkedIn and and whatnot and they're
being persistent okay this works 2015
2018 it's slow and it's high cost you
look in the middle what happened is that
everybody started automating those
sequences on like Apollo and apple
markets we started having like huge
volumes but low quality and with that
well obviously the conversion rate
dropped what's happening since last year
is that we're capable of doing as I said
scaled scraping data acquisition and
generating high value emails and that is
and I'm seeing it it's driving the
conversion rate back up at a high volume
but the C is even lower so we can have
better performance than humans at a
lower cost this is the shift that we're
seeing right and if you look at
something like this like all those data
sources there are a ton of sources we
can get great data from but let's let's
be honest here like which SDR is going
to like do the job of going through at
least one of the logos per data source
to understand that prospect that
customer and compose a great sequence
who's going to do that no one they don't
have the time they've got minutes per
email a good AI can do that all right
and I'm not here selling anyone AI I'm
just saying like I'm going to show you
how it's done so let's jump into an
example that I worked on
recently and this is my latest advisory
client Reddit a fairly well-known social
platform and they gave me a goal get 10%
of the US advertisers on to advertise on
Reddit by the end of the year starting
from pretty much zero which is a pretty
big goal okay the first idea I came up
with is well let's scrape the Facebook
and you know um LinkedIn and Google ad
libraries which are like public repos we
can find all of the ads understand the
ad make sense of it understand the
company aggregate third party data and
inject that into an email well for that
example we went with uh clay uh just to
prove out the feasibility of the concept
all right it's it's a good uh CDP and
workflow platform to start not that I
would recommend building something at
scale there but to explore it's great
what you can see here is we have a
prompt we're trying to figure out the uh
Facebook page uh so we can find the ads
and then we're quing an endpoint to find
the add data um what you're not seeing
behind the scenes is that we're making
sense of the ad and uh injecting that
into an email this is an example all
right and so here it says like hey I saw
your ad on Facebook here's a summary of
the ad we even inject the ad image we
saw and then because we made sense of
the ad and we made sense of the company
we can start recommending the right
subreddit where they should advertise
this email is super personalized it
makes a ton of sense and we build that
entirely automatically and it works for
all the US advertisers which is the
entire
Market once it's done scaling that is
extremely cheap it worked great we have
um done this in less than two months and
as of yesterday I looked up the numbers
we've uh beaten the SDR team that's been
working on that for like a couple years
and there's 200 people um so yeah you
can you can like you can question the
future of the SDR role when you see
things like that right and when I'm
talking about the head count I saw um
two days ago three days ago I saw this
um this post from Maxim and he's saying
hey we're having an outbound AI growth
lead somebody who does outbound who is
good at growth sales Ops Tech marketing
copywriting now that's interesting means
Founders are reacting and are thinking
instead of having a sales team SDR team
um I'm just going to have like one super
skill person who's going to run the
workflows okay so what does it mean for
like this like um 10 year 20 year like
sales marketing battle it means
marketing has won that's what it means
right it means that outbound is now
owned by growth and marketing teams okay
just embrace it like that that War is
Over okay because we can with those
platforms scale scraping T building
intense signals like the the key
learning out of this is sequences are
dead if you think that the best way to
engage customers is to have a series of
pre-written templated emails that going
to fire until somebody responses like
you are in like the 2015 2018 era you're
like two like eras like removed from
reality okay every new email is built
purposefully based on the situation the
data we Aggregate and the existing
conversation
automatically so that was for
outbound and now SEO so because we have
some of the best people at hypo I've
pulled actually uh advice from Kevin
indig who was the uh worldwide head of
SEO at Shopify uh and atlassian and
Marcel who was a CMO at Deep gram and
because they're better at me uh uh on
SEO and the summary is um we're coming
off of a a world a place um of pretty
bad SEO to be honest all right we all
like I am the main culprate here for
sure but like we all like outsourced the
creation of like a lot of SEO content to
fairly you know low quality freelance
writers to get you know on the search
engine and which was mostly like either
like lowc cost generation low value
content or tokenized and spinning
content which also produces low value
content okay so no one wants to read
that it kind of worked until it didn't
the playbooks that do work the winning
strategies in you know the previous era
was like what we saw doing from like
zapier G2 if you think about it like um
notion and G2 they have this amazing you
know product Le growth and user
generated content ugc in B2B right which
is very rare it's very hard to pull off
like G2 has this Treasure Trove of like
SAS reviews that no one else has okay or
zapier hired a team to build all of
those like integration catalog okay
that's both of cases can be done but
like they're very expensive they're very
expensive okay now we can use llms for
programmatic page creation um and we can
get the data without the workload uh
which in a sum can be like not everybody
can have a strong ugc motion but
everybody can be zaap here nowadays all
right so let's look at how it's possible
in this case U this is for de gr um and
so what they did is that they did some
very typical SEO keyword research like
find the keywords that they think Their
audience is searching the one they want
to rank for okay fa easy then they're
using air table to store that like in in
a observable database um a command
center just like we were using clay in
the previous uh outbound example and so
now they're like they have all the
keywords they have
all of this data okay and they're now
using air Ops which is a llm
orchestration platform um which makes it
possible to have different sub agents go
look for what is the best uh title
what's the best uh page what is the best
screenshot what are the uh examples we
have different and then they bring it
back together uh into one uh prompt with
the data injection that is a much better
better way to create content than have a
huge prompt that tries to do everything
because it tends to fail when you do
that and so we try to break it down we
store the data in air table and then we
feed back the data from Air table into
the final uh into the final agents okay
um it's a fairly Advanced workflow but
check out the results all right the
prior stage like up to 2023 was like
trying to do it manually with like low
budget and this is when they're like
well let's just like automate this okay
let's just automate this they got 3.5
million clicks like how insane is that
so what are we seeing here we're seeing
um they have one person to build a
workflow and um Marcel told me to came
like about a thousand hours sure okay um
and then one human who's there ongoing
for like control and validation okay it
replaces a team of 10 people that's what
it does okay for now
it's possible to use llms to get organic
traffic from SEO is it going to un ask I
don't know we'll find out but there's a
Time window to exploit this right now
scraping websites building unique
content enriching it with third party
sources and doing the quality control
okay critically last line here on the
slide the workflows with AI currently
produce better content than autonomous
agents and better content than humans
alone unless you're ready to pay like
$10,000 per post okay so better strategy
let's go into
paid so paid we got the oops sorry I
skipped paid we got the feedback from uh
Rex uh Rex is the world's best guy at
paid he handles all of paid uh at
HubSpot worldwide he is one of the very
few people in the world that have spent
over $100 million on Google search alone
over the past 5 years that's very very
rare
expertise and
so before we used to have fairly you
know fairly standard situation you had
either a pay team in house or you had
you know an agency or Freelancers okay
and the work that they would do is you
would segment the ad campaigns by know
various customers um customer traits
like genders and uh interest GE location
and product things like that and then
you break that down into you know uh the
ad groups the campaigns the ad group you
know the Q targeting the ad copy that
goes with it and and then you will
finetuning the bids all the time okay um
and Google tried to introduce uh AI um
support tools uh over the years which
didn't really work that
much the learning is as of six months
ago that has changed and it is working
absolutely it's making the job seamless
like the L now inside Google ads are
making targeting better okay they're
better at showing the right creative
they're better at showing it to the
Right audience uh ad setting the bids
okay uh they're going to get you more
conversions than you could
manually uh if you try to override the
AI what's working the pro the problems
that are solved are audience talking and
bidding what remains for us uh humans
for now is the research part as we saw
as well as the creative process um but
wait the creative process the teams are
also reduced like we're seeing the first
product where you can build ads creative
ads and designed ads just based on your
website it will create the ads and the
video ads for you at Z cost because
they're happy for you to spend the money
okay so this is just the beginning a
practical example of this is you know
the the tldr is if you're still trying
to fight uh AI by segmenting campaigns
into a ton of different budgets like you
know Netherlands Luxembourg and Belgium
and setting like different budgets here
and there um you're fighting the wrong
War um just stop like let the ad Network
figure it out for you know let's let's
say that you expand into into banix
right uh and and you have those those ad
budgets maybe Google's AI would have
preferred to spend seven 18 and five on
a particular day or every day and in the
tests that we've done
uh the more you handcuff the system and
restrict the EI the fewer optimizations
it can make on your behalf and the worse
off you will
be so what this means for pay teams
right um is is that you have your job
now kind of similar to what we saw in
SEO smaller teams more technical teams
your job is to build the infrastructure
to enable the AI platforms to learn okay
the data quality is critical it has to
be able to learn the good and bad
outcomes okay um and you need enough
budget to ensure the volume conversion
again so it can learn okay you got to
you got to create the conditions for
that to work and i' say these days
you're seeing different depending on the
platforms the conversions being like
between like 25 to 50 a week uh so that
this kicks in and you can start using
things like performance Max performance
Max so a couple of uh takeaways uh that
I want to share
um I have a lot of takeaways um so
across the board generating leads comes
with like less humans and more AI models
okay as we discussed like this is a
final takeover of SDR into technical
marketing roles okay more than ever this
is a battle of CAC okay the
AI change shift uh is Shifting the CAC
of many channels it's opening channels
to us marketers that we did not consider
for those audiences okay uh if you
invest in technical people who can build
the workflows that we saw they can beat
at least on SE outbound channels um the
pre-existing teams at their
game okay um
so invest in in those Technologies in AI
workflows uh and you will than later uh
just two Deep Thoughts before I leave
you and we can go into the Q&A um
seemingly unrelated one is the tech
cycle is accelerating I've been doing
this for now 20 years I've been buying I
bought millions of dollars of SAS over
the past one years and I used to be able
to make a good evaluation a strong
recommendation and say hey this
recommendation I've done based on all
the software I've seen to do outbound or
whatever is good for the next couple
years this is the win this has this is
the best technology these days I make a
recommendation 3 months later it's
doesn't make sense anymore right because
there's this new company this new model
or usage of a model that completely
changed the game it is really hard for
me and for all marketing leaders to
build conviction uh on which technology
to build on top of probably this means
you need a composable tech stack you
cannot invest all of your mobes in one
big platform you do want to be able to
like compose with different technologies
have an independent database and so you
can uh switch and replace parts of your
workflow second thought uh I've just
given you like 20 minutes on how AI is
better than humans uh at many things I
believe that's true I believe also we're
going to see something opposite we're
going to see like the certified real hum
which going be the new like uh
panoo of like sales or like hey like
this is a St this is like actually a
meat bag that's talking to you and some
people are going to like that some
people will pay more to be able to like
engage with a real human and that's
reality and we probably want to think of
how do we offer those two those two
paths right maybe there's a VIP
treatment for the Enterprise prospects
speaking of which uh are we seeing the
same shift in closing on the AE space
not right now for now most people prefer
humans however I'm seeing the first
steps um in AES becoming the puppets of
uh AI models if you think of gong gong
records and understands the entire like
uh deal situation and will recommend to
the AE what to say what not to say which
competitors to bring up and how to price
that is the AE being the puppet of an AI
model okay uh I'm also seeing some
Industries where the where there's some
models being built some chat Bots to do
the closing built on the conviction that
some buyers will prefer buying from an
AI model you think that's crazy I think
that's crazy but there's a good example
look at Tech buyers Engineers do you
think Engineers prefer talking to a
sales rep or to an AI
model I got the answer right so that
shift will will happen and um it's going
to be gradual but we will see part of
the market going to Real
part of the market going to like entire
like AI model like the entire cycle and
most of the market being like the start
is AI and the end is um human closing
and that's it thank you very
much and I think we have ample time for
questions
thank you human taking the risk go for
it meet back here so um you mentioned
that you want to now have a composable
text te in sauce and like sauce
obviously always tries to sell annual
contracts or multi-year contract which
is the opposite of what you recommend
how do you think the accelerating change
uh velocity is impacting custom lifetime
value for for sauce Yeah so basically
especially in sales March okay so if I
got this right you're asking like if the
tech cyle is accelerating and G a
composable stack are we're going to see
more churn and if I'm a SAS vendor like
how do I react to that great question
great question um well I mean on the
product side seems obvious that you want
to be able to like try and be the best
all the time obviously sure okay um I
think what I haven't covered today is
there's a huge
value on proposing something unique
different if you saw the Reddit example
the Reddit example was about scraping
the Facebook ads library with like you
know tools here and there why do I do
that because no one's selling that data
no one is selling like a structured
database of all the Facebook ads in the
US which sounds crazy because the data
is public and there's an API but no
one's doing it um if you're capable of
offering something that is
unique and that produces unique outcomes
through the llms then that is is truly
valuable you have this niche market all
for yourself so I think we're going to
see instead of having like huge
platforms that try to do everything for
example like all the YC companies that
are doing like AI agents that does the
entire SDR for you like the output of
that is like H it's not great it's okay
but it's not great okay what we're
seeing working however is like very
specialized llms at like a small thing
with unique data that produces great
output so I don't know if I had to put
my money somewhere i' put it on like
specialized LMS for
now hey uh I have a question about I I
think what we're talking about
artificial intelligence particular for
marketing and sales is companies
becoming much more Capital efficient yes
you're also an investor yes I am For
Better or Worse yeah are you reducing
the check sizes are you telling V
companies like I won't give you more
than a million bucks because you should
be able to go all the way to series a
with that yeah so uh Kristoff yans is is
somewhere uh around here so like that's
a better question for him but yes like
the huge runs we were seeing which were
driven by huge uh you know Capital
expenditures uh for headcount especially
in California do they make sense I guess
it depends what you're building if
you're investing on Engineers building
sure if you're investing on like sales
people marketing people maybe not it
also means that the
moat is becoming harder to build um in
uh in marketing and so yes like I've
reduced there's two things one I've
reduced the number of checks because I
have a hard time building conviction on
what is going to be the successful
technology platform two years from now
it's becom extremely hard to read it's
always been a difficult job it's harder
and second yes we're looking at burn
rates and we are questioning like why
are you burning so much money why are
you not building the outbound automation
infrastructure the St infrastructure at
a fraction of the cost that what is it
yes that pressure will start to
disseminate and go around all the boards
around the world for sure 100% so I
agree with
that absolute absolutely amazing talk
thank you um the one thing that you need
is data and you said you were scraping
so in the terms of service for instance
of LinkedIn it says you're not allowed
and if you try your account gets banned
within a day and many other websites how
are you circumventing this yeah so uh
there was a i I believe in 2019 2020
there was like the ninth secret Court of
California there was a case that
happened against LinkedIn and uh I
remember if I try to remember that why
the case settled is that whatever
LinkedIn lets Google scrape for search
purposes it has to allow anyone else to
scrape okay otherwise that is
anti-competitive and that's illegal okay
you can't just decide that you'll get
let Google do something and then you're
not going to let somebody else do it
okay um so whatever is public you can
scrape okay so that covers a lot of the
signals we want because a lot of the
content of LinkedIn is public um that's
one second the risky part of that is if
you're just re like tokenizing and just
like printing back the LinkedIn content
you saw now if you're using llms to make
sense of what you saw summarizing and
making a Content that's interesting with
information you have well first it's
really hard to prove where you got that
from right and even if that's the case
just think about it if you had a
salesperson go on LinkedIn look at
somebody's profile and write an email is
that
illegal
no why would that be illegal if a logic
model does the same
thing and so that is going to be a legal
question that I think is going to be
fascinating is like if we have ai
impersonate human beings to do the exact
same job at a fraction of the cost why
is the outcome different and my bet is
it's not going to be different we we you
and also we can't you can't say like who
did it and for what purpose so great
great answer just some of the stuff you
can only see once you logged in yes and
and then you're for sure and the IP will
be locked and so on so yeah but for
example I'm allowed to download my data
and so if I download my data and I pass
it to the LM then I'm allowed to do that
and so I think it's going to be really
hard eventually to prove you know
whether but I don't disagree with you I
think like
LinkedIn those the bigger question is
like why is linging doing nothing right
why is linging not selling the data or
building LM tools for sales people
because they are the ultimate source you
got to wonder what they're doing
especially because they removed their
intent data product 3 weeks ago right so
you got to wonder is it because they
don't care or is it because they're
going to announce something big I think
they you you can pay for the API in
order to scrape so yes that's the model
thanks so
much hey so yeah I have a question I
guess about roles and skills which I
think is interesting I think there's
like a key Red Thread through what you
said of sort of
like uh keep a paid person but they need
to become more technical technical keep
an SEO person but they need to become
more technical I'm interested in
thinking how you think about first what
skills you should be looking for in
terms of hiring and training but also
what roles in a traditional marketing
org do you see as like very defensible
in this moment and which do you see as
kind of least defensible okay thank you
so there's a couple of like questions
linked to that one which is like I heard
a lot with what what are SDR going to do
what are sales people going to do right
and well a lot of the sdrs are going to
end up being AES like SDR was always a
training ground for AES and so the SDR
world is going away the people will
become closers or will evolve into
something else what's that something
else probably sales Ops they will handle
the orchestration the workflows what
we're doing right now whether it's in
sales in uh marketing for SEO purposes
for ALB purposes is what for now we're
learning from the 10% best people and
impersonating their behavior we we still
need that 10% if I don't know what makes
a buyer
take I can't write the prompt so I need
somebody that's creative that
understands reciprocity and all the Sal
the all the the sales things um to help
me build those workflows the same is
strong content like if I can't say if I
can't do the keyword research if I know
then I can't do half of the work so we
still need the expertise we just don't
need the execution anymore that's the
thing the expertise is super important
which is hard because the expertise
comes from having executed and failed So
eventually the people here who have the
expertise you're going to be uniquely
valuable because no one else is coming
after you that's that's it's fascinating
when you think about it no one else will
be trained into spending money on Google
ads because no one's going to have to do
that anymore and so you're like the last
dinosaurs who have been able to spend
money freely like crazy just think about
the people who come in 5 years and they
going to ask you what you spent like
$330,000 to figure out if it worked like
how crazy is that yeah you would Mad Men
right that's going to be true across the
board like you you hired random
Freelancers to write content on a cur
and figure out if it works that sounds
like aric right and so we're going to
move to more technical people that are
creative have deep expertise in the
channel for sure uh and can build the
workflows to replicate what they wish
the Freelancers of that team would do so
that's that's what I think is going to
happen absolutely super interesting
thank
you hi hi great talk um so for outbound
like your main channels these days are
you got email you've got LinkedIn and
you've got phone what do you think the
future is of these kind of channels how
long will they remain viable channels
and do you see other channels that are
emerging that people should be looking
at as well from an outbound point of
view so there's a there's a and I had I
did to talk a couple weeks ago there was
a question um at the end on will people
still believe what's in the email uh is
email a viable
Channel and I think that's a tough one
I'm not too sure because right now if
you think of like why email works it's
because in some cases you know the
person in other cases you see value in
the email or it elicits you know trust
reciprocity like there's reason that's a
forcing function forcing you to respond
okay when you truly believe it's a human
that has gone Great Lengths to engage
with you you feel compelled to respond
okay and I always give up like my snail
example about the grandma writing your
letter and you being curs and opening
the handwritten letter now the question
is when that is truly done by an AI and
you no longer can tell the difference
will you a this trust all form of email
communication because this could be a
bot or will you be look at the face
value of the content and say hey this is
actually helpful and I think we're going
to see divide uh a polarization where we
see some people going one way some
people going the other way overall email
is at risk because we saw the chart with
like the cost going down right that only
means one thing everyone here in this
room and elsewhere is going after like
outbound AI based email volume is going
to go up people will be desensitized for
sure there's a Time window right now to
exploit it right now it works 12 months
from now here next year I'm not so sure
right and you got to explore this time
window but eventually you got to think
how do I stand out is that by doing
phone calls is that by doing LinkedIn is
that by doing like inperson things email
is at risk for sure there's one company
that's doing something interesting that
I saw um they're using
your actual LinkedIn connections when
you go on a website it says like hey uh
you know Matt that uses this product you
want to do you want to ask him so
leveraging trust uh networks uh so that
you say hey like I know Matt like I I I
had coffee with Matt Matt is a real
human and I will trust his advice going
back to the uh certified human Pagano
example I had do you see any new
channels emerging or things that we
should be looking at from an artpine
point of view or that not really yet
yeah not really yet uh like video didn't
really pick up uh phone call is coming
back because of the Technologies like or
phone calls is definely coming back uh
but nothing new yeah I mean for I run
SDR agencies and phone is where we drive
pipeline not email or LinkedIn cool
thank you yes um I had a question about
the the a meat bags yes at the uh the
Enterprise level if if we're getting rid
of sdrs because we're automating them
largely out of existence where do the
A's gain their skills where do they
learn their craft how do we where do we
stand in 10 15 years time yes yes um
absolutely I I hope my wife won't listen
to this recording when I when she hears
the AI meag reference uh um yeah that's
that's a tough one um that's true as I
said in you know marketing as it is in
sales uh the the people who like SDR is
a great job out of college for people
who want to go in sales that job is
going away and you can't just go out of
college and start building like AI
workflows you just don't have the
experience you don't know how to write
right and so either we're going to have
more training in one form or another
that brings them up to speed to what is
required I think what we're going to see
is going to be an experts role to build
and maintain those workflows with the
sales tactics that we know for such a
small fraction of the workforce that
those people can be trained we're
talking like in the US if I recall
correctly I think there's 700,000 salese
like SDR and a combined
okay how many of those are sdrs I don't
know a third you know that's a good like
150 to 100,000 people who like that's
that's a big
Workforce um that and a job function
that lasts only like 18 24 months so yes
that is a real challenge of how do
c uh train their future clo ERS without
having them uh you know being ASDS
initially I don't have I don't have the
perfect answer
though yes hi um based on your
background with drift and all the other
companies you've had exposure to are you
seeing um AI take on Discovery in a very
advisory role not just you know if then
and some recommendations but real
advisory and when you mean Discovery you
mean in those sales process understand
part of the sales process yes yeah so uh
gong is kind of doing that uh and and
all the AI recorders if you think of
Discovery there like there's multiple
parts of Discovery there's the SDR bdr
part of the discovery trying to
understand uh the business and you know
doing the information gathering like
bant style Gathering and then there's
the on call Discovery where they're
trying to like create some rapport with
the with the person and then try to you
know get the information they want to
help them close
um that deep discover yeah no I'm not
seeing anyone do that for now uh there's
no system that's is trying to uh make it
click with the buyer to understand for
example um a good way to look at that is
are we seeing AI be efficient in
Enterprise deals and the answer is not
yet okay Enterprise deals are complex
they long there's lots of potential
buyers a lots of information uh and and
AI just isn't efficient there for now
there's just too much context too much
risk to have anyi involved this is still
left to humans and it will be left to
humans for a while uh to be honest um
what what we are seeing however it's
tools that help teams uh summarize data
when they hand over that is pretty clol
so we're seeing Fantastic Tools that
help sales team AES understand all the
marketing context of the acquisition V
our context and tools for csms to
understand hey this company that was
just closed what did we promise what did
we agree to uh who's this customer who's
going to be the user and summarizing
that so the onboarding goes a lot better
that I think is fantastic but the what
you said about no I don't I have not
seen anyone do that let me know if you
do we're working you're working on it
cool awesome I think we're at time thank
you very much for coming and have a good
day